---
title: Blog Tracker-15-11-17
layout: post
author: alexander.stephens
permalink: /blog-tracker-15-11-17/
source-id: 1qocw_vpluAEZplPGRNizIqe8DTWDW-p86dBDFDDIJB8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Basics of Scratch</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15.11.17</td>
  </tr>
  table {
    border-collapse: collapse;
}

table, th, td {
    border: 1px solid black;
}
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I've started my coding on JS Bin, know only a small portion of knowledge about Scratch and can successfully code the colours and backgrounds of my website.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn the basics of moving and controlling a sprite, or several sprites, on Scratch.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I think yes I did for I learnt how to move and change direction of a sprite but also create variables, however, I still didn’t successfully stop my character from passing through another sprite.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I had to persevere when I unsuccessfully tried to make the sprite unable to pass through the other sprite, so I tried again and it did work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I used questioning when I had to find out how to change the sprites into not passing through each other sprites, where I looked online and found the coding.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I used Independence when I had to find out how to change the sprites into not passing through each other sprites, where I looked online and found the coding. But also, I did it when I needed to find different 80,s games for my homework.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I could've got everything right in th lesson and not need to use questioning to find the answer.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will really try as hard as I can to do everything right first time so I don’t in result have more homework.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


