---
title: Blog-6.12.17
layout: post
author: alexander.stephens
permalink: /blog-6.12.17/
source-id: 1P2NpHii6CV95LVE5BvODR0rV8oPMgmn0HyOvHHRs6l0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Code for the aliens in Space Invaders on Scratch</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>6/12/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>The correct coding for the boss-ship, your own ship and the laser</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To start the coding to move and set out the aliens for our Space Invaders Game.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I started the coding (and have now finished it).</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I had to find out how to make a table around our blogs and I found it on W3Schools, then tested it on JS Bin, then put it in my coding on Github.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I used Questioning on Google to find out how to change the speed of the ships/aliens on Scratch.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I used Independence when I needed to find out how to change the size of the Laser (I had to look on different websites and videos of how to do it).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I used Engagement when Mr. Keen was showing us some of the possible code, I remembered the outcome and then worked backwards to find the code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Firstly, my code is slightly laggy and occasionally randomly breaks. Also, I am slightly behind and still need to finish off the coding for my Boss Ship. This is quite annoying for I already have a big piece of I.T to do.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To stop my coding breaking and lagging I can slightly change it a few times till it works the same way; but without the lagging and breaking. To stop letting myself get behind I can stop dawdling and get straight to the coding efficiently.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


